breaking news
an unknown creature vaguely resembling a
human has been found near the edge of
the local forest
it was first reported by mushroom
pickers they heard a strange howl
unlike the voice of any known animal
then they saw a large round thing coming
towards them from the thicket
the pickers left that place and called
the police immediately
then the thing came out of the forest
and headed towards the town
people from nearby dwellings were
evacuated the area was cordoned off by
police and journalists
we're reporting live from a helicopter
you can see this creature walking along
the road and howling
it has big red arms legs and head but we
can't discern its facial features
it moves very slowly and makes
unsettling noises
scientists hypothesize this is an
unknown species of animal
that has been hidden from civilization
in the forests
but what made this creature move out of
its habitat and
why now stay tuned and wait a minute
we see a young woman running towards the
thing she waves her hand and
says something well you pause the video
and do a face palm in exasperation
how did they come up with calling you a
thing you still shiver when remembering
that day
but you should say it was even fun
you're the only person in the world who
survived such a misadventure
a person who survived the sting of 100
giant hornets
you lean back and relive those memories
you make a living by catching scary
insects and letting them bite you
people on the internet love to watch it
and you get a lot of money for such
videos
but the main reason you do this is that
you don't feel
pain you were born with an unusual
feature your nerve cells stop responding
to
any external stimuli that may cause
discomfort
you feel touch heat cold and tickling
but anything that hurts is ignored by
your brain
so now you're in a japanese forest it's
home to the asian giant hornets
recently hornets have been discovered in
america and this news became a sensation
it's difficult to find them there and
the authorities are fighting the spread
of those insects
so you decide to go to their natural
habitat
these hornets have made quite a bit of
noise and there's a reason
asian giant hornets feed on bees and so
greatly reduce their population
if the bees disappear environmental
disaster will start all over the world
but this is not the only reason why
these hornets are so bad
when hornet is about the size of an
adult's thumb almost three times the
size of a normal bee
they have a sting that can pierce the
protective clothing of beekeepers
those who have been stung compare it to
a red hot needle
you turn on your action camera attach it
to a belt across your chest
and start the online broadcast you walk
through the forest and hear a loud
buzzing hum
you seem to be close it's the sound of
the nest
you don't get too close because hornets
can't stand when something threatens
their home
they start being agitated one hornet can
sting 10 times
insect nests have been found underground
in rotting wood and
even on buildings if such a nest appears
in the city center
the hornets will bite everyone who
passes by
you can see the nest in the distance it
hangs on a broken old tree
hornets are flying around and one of
them notices you
it's getting closer the hornet starts
flying back and forth in front of you
buzzing angrily it warns you not to
approach
it looks pretty threatening so you take
a step back
to catch a hornet you put a drop of
grape jam on your hand
the insect lands in your palm with your
other hand you try to catch it
the hornet notices the movement and
attacks
it plunges the sting into your skin and
injects venom
which contains several unpleasant
substances
once it enters the bloodstream it
dilates the vessels around the bite
your skin turns red your body fights the
foreign substance
and sends out immune cells but the venom
destroys these cells
causing your skin to swell the effects
of the sting can last up to two days
also the venom contains a substance that
is toxic to the kidneys
fortunately you don't feel anything and
you've managed to record how the insect
bites you
a red dot appears in the center of your
palm it's a little swollen that's all
you're about to leave this place but
hear the buzzing around the nest getting
louder
to get food hornets fly far away from
their nests
when they find a beehive they label it
with a special pheromone that attracts
other hornets
it's like a beacon that hornets put on
their prey when you fed the hornet grape
jam
it puts such a tracker on you too and
now
an army of hornets is heading straight
for you
they sting you several times you decide
to run as far as possible
hornets attack you from all sides after
about 20 stings
you lose count you fight off the hornets
with your hands
and notice that your palms are so
swollen that they resemble
huge gloves your body is getting swollen
because of a huge number of bites
it becomes difficult for you to see what
is happening around you
as your eyelids are also becoming
swollen you feel nothing but slight
discomfort though
hornet's venom destroys immune cells
throughout your body
you increase in size clothes are torn in
some places
the belt from the action camera presses
into your chest it becomes difficult for
you to move
because your muscles don't obey soon you
start having trouble breathing your lips
and cheeks are also swollen
and you can't open your mouth very wide
the face resembles several small
balloons connected to each other
and your eyes mouth and nostrils are
hidden somewhere behind these balloons
you manage to notice a few people
walking through the forest
you want to shop for help but instead
you make a weird
gurgling sound people see you and run
away in terror
you run after and ask them to stop the
people are screaming in fear
your legs are so thick that they hit
each other hard when you run
you're trying to run faster stumbling
falling
a bear passes by this fearsome predator
notices you
but stays still you don't know if it's
afraid of you or is just
aware of what a hornet's bite is even
the bear's thick skin is unable to stop
their stings
no one in the forest dares to approach
their nest preferring to stay away from
it
your roar spreads throughout the forest
birds fly
away from the trees with your huge hands
you try to reach into your pocket to get
the bottle of jam
but you can't the fingers are too big
then
you just rip the pocket the bottle falls
to the ground and shatters
hornets lose interest in you and pounce
on the tree
you run out of the forest and find
yourself on a road
cars honk and swerve around you no
choice left
you go along the road on foot and soon
approach a small town
then a helicopter appears in the sky
you're surrounded by police cars
the harder you try to tell them what's
going on the worse the sound you make
you can hardly see or hear what the
police are telling you
it seems that no one will help you you
fall to your knees
at this point a girl runs out and shouts
to everyone that you're a human
a famous blogger all this time you're
broadcasting online
and one of your fans this lady was
nearby
you mentally thank the girl and black
out
you wake up in a hospital still a little
swollen
this time you can talk and even smile
the doctors say you'll recover
completely in a few days
but the media will remember you for many
years
so here you are sitting at home almost a
year after your adventure
watching a recording of a tv news report
that video brought you a lot of fame and
money
you want to repeat the success this time
you don't want to deal with insects
you're going to bother a snake's nest